TOP
name.keyword:"NFTX Hashmasks Index" or
name.keyword:"xFund" or
name.keyword:"OKExChain" or
name.keyword:"ECOC Financial Growth" or
name.keyword:"Hydra" or
name.keyword:"Radicle" or
name.keyword:"Mantis" or
name.keyword:"MobileCoin" or
name.keyword:"Mdex" or
name.keyword:"Libonomy"

MEDS
name.keyword:"Validity" or
name.keyword:"Vera Cruz Coin" or
name.keyword:"Oxen" or
name.keyword:"XNODE" or
name.keyword:"HOPR" or
name.keyword:"Talent Token" or
name.keyword:"Filda" or
name.keyword:"Dequant" or
name.keyword:"Marscoin" or
name.keyword:"Jackpot"

LOW
name.keyword:"World Token" or
name.keyword:"PRCY Coin" or
name.keyword:"FairCoin" or
name.keyword:"Woodcoin" or
name.keyword:"Roxe Cash" or
name.keyword:"Scholarship Coin" or
name.keyword:"Bankcoin"

VERYLOW
name.keyword:"Berry" or
name.keyword:"Electra Protocol" or
name.keyword:"AmazonasCoin" or
name.keyword:"KONJUNGATE" or
name.keyword:"Flow (Dapper labs)" or
name.keyword:"Kevacoin" or
name.keyword:"Pastel" or
name.keyword:"Evrice"

